README.md, before:

# 💕 Things You Bake, Things I Love

A digital baking scrapbook Valentine's gift for Kezia.

## Getting Started

### Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the scrapbook.

### Photos

Photos are stored in the `public/images/` folder:

- `matcha-cookies.jpg` - Matcha checkerboard cookies
- `cake-class.jpg` - Cake decorating date (Miffy & Cinnamoroll)
- `miffy-dessert.jpg` - Miffy dessert from C as in Charlie
- `heart-pizza.jpg` - Heart-shaped pizza

## Deploying to Vercel

### Option 1: GitHub Integration (Recommended)

1. Push this project to a GitHub repository
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Click "New Project" and import your repository
4. Click "Deploy" - that's it!

### Option 2: Vercel CLI

```bash
npm install -g vercel
vercel
```

Follow the prompts to deploy.

## Features

- 📖 5-page digital scrapbook with page-flip animations
- 🍪 Signature bakes gallery with Polaroid-style photos
- 💝 "Things I Love About You" sticky notes
- ✅ Interactive future recipes checklist
- 🎉 Confetti celebration on the final page
- 📱 Fully responsive - works on mobile and desktop

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 16 (App Router)
- React 19
- Tailwind CSS 4
- Framer Motion
- canvas-confetti

---

Made with love 💖

Commit message:

chore: Update README and fix Tailwind v4 class names
- Update README features to include games section and accessibility
- Fix deprecated gradient class (bg-gradient-to-r → bg-linear-to-r)
- Update flex-shrink-0 to shrink-0 for Tailwind v4 compatibility
- Remove redundant animation property in RecipeCard

README.md, after:

# 💕 Things You Bake, Things I Love

A digital baking scrapbook Valentine's gift for Kezia.

## Getting Started

### Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the scrapbook.

### Photos

Photos are stored in the `public/images/` folder:

- `matcha-cookies.jpg` - Matcha checkerboard cookies
- `cake-class.jpg` - Cake decorating date (Miffy & Cinnamoroll)
- `miffy-dessert.jpg` - Miffy dessert from C as in Charlie
- `heart-pizza.jpg` - Heart-shaped pizza

## Deploying to Vercel

### Option 1: GitHub Integration (Recommended)

1. Push this project to a GitHub repository
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Click "New Project" and import your repository
4. Click "Deploy" - that's it!

### Option 2: Vercel CLI

```bash
npm install -g vercel
vercel
```

Follow the prompts to deploy.

## Features

- 📖 6-page digital scrapbook with smooth slide transitions
- 🍪 Signature bakes gallery with Polaroid-style photos
- 💝 "Things I Love About You" sticky notes
- ✅ Interactive future recipes checklist
- 🎉 Confetti celebration on the Valentine page
- 🎮 Bonus games section with Memory Match and Cookie Clicker
- ♿ Comprehensive accessibility (keyboard navigation, screen reader support)
- 📱 Fully responsive - works on mobile and desktop

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 16 (App Router)
- React 19
- Tailwind CSS 4
- Framer Motion
- canvas-confetti

---

Made with love 💖
